Word lists suitable for word games. Based on ENABLE2K.  By "suitable
for word games", I mean to exclude words that are always capitalized.
So, no "Peru", but yes "china" (as in porcelain).

This is for people who would like to just use the Scrabble word lists,
but can't for copyright reasons.

Copyright 2022, David Turner.

Permission to use, copy, modify, and/or distribute this software for any purpose with or without fee is hereby granted.

There are three lists:

1. The long list, which includes many obscure words.

2. The short list, which is words that most English speakers will
know.  This is a subset of the long list.  It's based on words of
prevalence > 0.8 and frequency > 2.0 from:

Brysbaert, M., Mandera, P., McCormick, S.F. et al. Word prevalence
norms for 62,000 English lemmas. Behav Res 51, 467–479 (2019).
https://doi.org/10.3758/s13428-018-1077-9

Unfortunately, that list is lemmatized, and delemmatizing is hard:
yes, "activisms" is a word that academics use, but it's not going to
have anything like the prevalence of "activism". It doesn't help that
the wordnet stemmer is pretty busted (e.g. "siped" -> "sip").  So
there is still a lot of human judgment involved.  In cases with
ambiguous plurals ("frescoes, frescos"), I have often removed both
plurals, because I would rather not argue about which is correct.

I have also removed words such as "japan", "soviet", and "roman", which
people know but only in the demonym context.  In that context, they
would be capitalized, so even though they have non-capitalized usages,
they're not suitable for the short list.  Similarly "timothy",
"tiffany", etc, which are not demoyms but are names.  Other word forms
are only used in technical contexts, such as "irrationals", even
though the lemma ("irrational") is univerally known (prevalance =
1.0).

3. The list of slurs based on innate characteristics (e.g. racial
slurs, ableist slurs, etc).  That one is stored in a zip file with the
password "slurs", because I don't want people to randomly come across
a giant list of slurs when they are browsing.  These words have been
removed from the other two lists.  It does not include slurs that have
common non-slur uses in American English (e.g. the name of that band
that won a Supreme Court case over the trademark on its name is not
included).

If you see a missing word in the long list, or a word on the short
list that you think is too obscure, please file an issue, or e-mail
novalis@novalis.org.  It would be ideal if you would provide evidence
for the prevalence of the word (or lack thereof).

If you see a missing word on the short list,
please only file an issue if you are very certain that the word is
widely known.  Some words are common only in certain dialects
(e.g. "crore"), and some words that you would think are common aren't
as well-known as you think (I was totally convinced that everyone knew
what a "fen" was until I asked around).

If you see a missing word on the banned slurs list, please e-mail
novalis@novalis.org: I would prefer not to subject passers-by to that
discussion.
